#Checklist

1. Change password and show all admins

CLI commands:  set password
  or in GUI it is in Administrators > Admin
  
 There are two users: admin and administrator
  Best way to change the password is: 
    >configure
    #set mgt-config users admin password
    #set mgt-config users administrator password
    #commit
    #exit

2. Updating the PanOS: takes 5 to 10 minutes. 8.1.15 MAX
    >debug swm info  - gives the available versions
    >request system software download version 8.1.x
    >request system software install version 8.1.x
    >request restart system (Mandatory)

3. Logging issues ?

4. Start disabling the services that are not at all required:
    > Like snmp, telnet, smb, etc

5. Cheat Sheet to secure the Web Interface

6. Write the rules quickly, or use the Web Interface for faster rule commits.

7. Move the deny all rule to bottom, As the rule execution is from top to bottom.

7. Enable User identification in each zone. (Network>Zones)

8. Device>Dynamic Updates:  Set to auto update and install for every 30 mins.

9. Enable DoS Protection

10. Rules with palo Alto application pretection with all any and action allow.

11. Follow all the rule dependency warnings, and make sure whether they need to be enabled.

12. Any questions, Open Resources. Else, Delete the rule bloking that service. and re-write it with dependencies. Still doesn't work? Remove it completely and monitor the traffic on that service.




2. Make sure routes are avaliable and properly configured
3. Show current configuration - enter connfiguration mode, show 
4. Check current security policy rules
3. Disable Telnet - set deviceconfig system service disable-telnet yes
4. Disable snmp - set deviceconfig system service disable-telnet yes
5. Set rulebase security rules: Format: 
6. from any source any source-region any to any destination any destination-region none user any category any application http https 
7. Move security rule to be done first : moverulebase security rules 'Test1' top


